# SortQuest

'SortQuest' is a game-based learning tool which teaches sorting algorithms. It was made as part of my Level 4 Project.

## Game Zip Download(For those at University of Glasgow)
Copy and paste this link into your browser: 

[Download SortQuestFullGame.zip](https://gla-my.sharepoint.com/personal/2557097h_student_gla_ac_uk/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2F2557097h%5Fstudent%5Fgla%5Fac%5Fuk%2FDocuments%2FSortQuestFullGame%2Ezip&parent=%2Fpersonal%2F2557097h%5Fstudent%5Fgla%5Fac%5Fuk%2FDocuments&ga=1)

Please make sure you are authenticated with a UofG account and:

1. Download SortQuestFullGame.zip above

2. Unzip the folder

3. Start the SortQuest.exe file to play the game.

## Game Build Instructions (Can be ignored if you play the game using the above method)

1. Download Unity Game Engine, at least the 2023 version as that is what was used to create 'SortQuest'
2. Unzip source code
3. Launch Unity and go to Projects then Add, find the unzipped project and then launch it
4. Navigate to file then build and run, then drag all scenes from the scenes folder into the build settings
5. Click Build and Run, then run the SortQuest.exe file in the location you chose for the build to be put at

## File structure 
Assets contains the majority of useful files in the project, such as my code which is in the scripts in the script folder, and my scenes which are in the scenes folder. Nearly all the folders have a .meta file along with them generated by unity, these can be ignored.

The raw survey data is stored in the folder SurveyData. GameBasedLearning folder holds the project files.
```
SortQuest
    \Assets
        \AltTester
        \Animations
        \Audio
            \BackgroundMusic
            \GameSoundClips
        \Background
            \1_Mountain
            \2_Desert
            \3_Graveyard
            \4_Snow
            \FullBG
        \Editor Default Resources
            \Firebase
        \ExternalDependencyManager
        \Firebase
        \Fonts
            \Fondamento
        \Scenes
        \Scripts
        \Sprites
            \Badges
            \Hero Knight
            \MyPrefabs
            \Pixel Adventure 1
            \Traps
            \Village Props
        \StreamingAssets
        \Terrain
        \TextMesh Pro
        \UserInterface
            \Fantasy
    \Library
        \APIUpdater
        \Artifacts
        \Bee
        \BuildPlayerData
        \BurstCache
        \com.unity.services.core
        \GridBrush
        \PackageCache
        \PackageManager
        \PlayerDataCache
        \ScriptAssemblies
        \Search
        \ShaderCache
        \SplashScreenCache
        \StateCache
        \TempArtifacts
        \UIElements
    \Logs
    \obj
        \Debug
    \Packages
    \ProjectSettings
    \Temp
        \Burst
    \UserSettings
        \Layouts
```

## Build instructions/steps

 1. Download version 2019.4.21f1 of Unity Game Engine from https://unity.com/.
 2. unzip code and import project found from \GameBasedLearning, the root folder holds the survey data folder, the manual and license file, as well as the readme.
 3. Launch Unity Hub Application.
 4. In Unity Hub , go to Projects -> Add. Then browse to where that project is located. Select that project.
 5. Launch the project by double clicking on it, Unity Engine Application will now open.
 6. Navigate to  File -> Build and Run.
 7. Copy layout from BuildSettings.png, from within the submission folder, this step is very important and is hard to explain with text, which is why an image is provided. Add all scenes to build if none are within your Unity application.
 8. Click Build and Run.
 9. Run .exe which is built from Unity.

## Requirements

* Unity Game Engine version if choosing the build method to play the game.
* Windows (Tested on windows 11)
